hi my name is Daniel and this is a
half-size railroad crossing signal that
dad and me took three months to build
see
see there's the sign we ate like one of
the red lights and the other one and the
weight folder and this is the this is
the control box see module on things I
can get over here those are the three
switches this one here is the main power
switch this the start test switch this
is supposed to be the bell choosing
switch these are my two crossing bells
that it's supposed to be connected to
right now it's only connected to this
one right here this is a general signal
type one electronic LED 360 that I got
from a level crossing my dad's work the
speaker broke can see that's this part
right here it's only this part that was
broken so we got another one just like
that part and put it in the bone but
then it was way too loud so we taped up
speaker misspelled here is a safe travel
it's a mechanical Bell they book both
the dolls do work but only that Bell is
going to be working this this spell
requires a lot more voltage and and this
power supply doesn't have enough voltage
for it so I'm going to let you hear it
right now
that's what it's supposed to sound like
and I I'll do a demonstration of this
signal now
that's the going down part now it's
going to go up
yeah there you